docs(sentry-basics): Consolidate tutorials into one getting-started tutorial (#18709)
getsentry/sentry-docs: docs/product/sentry-basics/getting-started-tutorial/generate-first-error.mdx

   Sentry Error thrown!
   ```

This confirms that the error we just produced on the frontend has triggered a corresponding error on the backend.

## 2. View the Error in Sentry

Now that you've triggered an error, let's see what it looks like in Sentry.

1. Open the [**Traces**](https://sentry.io/orgredirect/organizations/:orgslug/traces/) page in Sentry.io. Make sure one (or both) of the projects you're using for this tutorial is selected in the projects dropdown.

2. You should see a trace that shows both the React and Express icons, indicating that this trace traverses both projects. Click on the blue trace ID on the left to see the Trace View.

3. On the [Trace View](/concepts/key-terms/tracing/trace-view/) page, you can see every span that happened within this trace. You can see the error on the React app that directly triggered the error on the Express app.

### UI Walkthrough

The interactive demo below walks through how to view a distributed trace in Sentry.

<Arcade src="https://demo.arcade.software/ZQwun7AOomvBOi6HyD8L?embed" />

## Next

Congrats — you've set up Sentry with distributed tracing across your frontend and backend. That's the core of this tutorial.

> There's one optional step that makes your setup even more powerful:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There's one optional step that will let Sentry identify the exact line of code where something broke:
```

> 1. Save the file.

Reviewer: Is this list going down supposed to stay in numerical order? Looks like it starts over at 1 here, but an ordered list starts at the instruction above "1. In the `tracing-tutorial-frontend` repo,'"

Author: Yes, thanks for spotting this, I've fixed all the list numbering issues.
